Title: Communication in Cryptocurrency Cafe
Date: 2015-01-23

Here's some information on how communication will be done for this course.

I prefer to avoid using email for group communication, so won't be email
spamming the entire class except when it really seems necessary.
Instead, nearly all (electronic) communication will be done through the
course website.

You can subscribe to the site using an RSS reader, or receive an email
notification everytime the site is updated by using a service like
[https://blogtrottr.com/](https://blogtrottr.com/) and subscribing to
`bitcoin-class.org`.

Many of the pages on the course site will include a disqus discussion
forum.  If you don't already have an account with disqus, you can create
one the first time you post a comment (or sign-on to disqus using a
Google, Facebook, or Twitter account, if you don't mind you disqus
activities being visible to another provider).  You can also post
anonymously and should use this when you feel it is necessary, but
otherwise, please post using a name that will be recognizable to me and
your classmates.

I don't want to force pseudo-discussion by making it a course
requirement to make a certain number of contributions to the on-line
discussions, but do encourage everyone to use the fora to contribute to
both your own learning and building the course community, and to provide
value to others in the class.

In addition to the page-specific disqus comments, you can use the
[general forum](|filename|../pages/forum.md) for discussions that don't
fit into particular topics.  Feel free to use that forum to post links
and thoughts about any related information you find, as well as general
comments broadly relevant to the course.

You can control settings in disqus to determine when you receive email
notifications (including subscribing to notifications for any comments
on the course site if you want, or getting a daily or weekly digest).

If you have a non-confidential question about a course assignment or
content, please use the web site forums to ask it instead of emailing me
directly.  This way, I (or others) can respond in a way that will be
visible to everyone else who might have the same question.  Feel free to
use email to contact me directly for questions that are private or not
relevant to the rest of the class.









